5925 test mail connection (#5994)
msupply-foundation/open-msupply: server/README.md

cargo run --bin remote_server_cli -- restore -b D2024_08_22T05_05_16 -s
```

# Config check tool

This tool is mostly intended for support, to confirm everything is configured correctly. It checks things like the database connection, and connecting to central servers for sync.

You can run the `test_connection` tool with:

```bash
cargo run --bin test_connection --username [user] --password [pass]
```

or build and run the binary. pass in `--features postgres` to run the postgres version.

> There is a command line output, or a GUI will open if you do not supply username and password parameters.

Reviewer: I mean _technically_ it is this.. 
```suggestion
There is a command line output, or a GUI will open if you do not supply a username parameter.
```
